two weeks into the sech a mother says
goodbye to her six-year-old daughter
hindra
jaob hint and her relatives were killed
attempting to flee Gaza City when their
car encountered Israeli
tanks I am the mother of hen hen was
killed and lost her life in the car
where are the wild human rights
organizations God will punish naani and
Biden and all those conspire against us
and deprived me of my
daughter paramedics found the bodies of
hint her uncle her aunt and their three
children inside this black
car heavy fighting prevented them from
reaching the area earlier the intense
search for the Palestinian girl began
after an emergency call made by her
older cousin Lan was released capturing
her please for
help
hello
hello not far from the sea
the remains of an ambulance sent to
rescue Hind and her family were also
found the emergency vehicle was bombed
killing two red crescent rescue
workers we were not able to get the girl
directly because the area had Israeli
occupation vehicles in it the red
cresant crew went to the location after
coordination with the Israeli occupation
unfortunately the occupation
intentionally targeted the crews of the
red cresant despite prior
coordination The Grieving family says
the killing is a reminder of the
dangerous people in Gaza
face and the little girl's funeral they
say is a proof of Israel's indifference
to International laws meant to protect
them Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer